AWS_support_plan_short_description

01. Basic Plan

Customer Service and Communities
24x7 access to
customer service, documentation, whitepapers, and
support forums

Best Practices
Access to 7 core
Trusted Advisor checks

Health status and Notifications
Access to Personal Health Dashboard

02. Development Plan
The Developer Support plan offers resources for customers testing or doing early development on AWS, as well as any customers who:

- Want access to guidance and technical support
- Are exploring how to quickly put AWS to work
- Use AWS for non-production workloads or applications

Plan Detail and Resources:
- Technical Support
Business hours* access to
Cloud Support Associates
via email

- Customer Contacts
One primary contact may open
an unlimited number of cases
(IAM supported)

- Case Severity and Response Times**
General guidance: < 24 business hours
System impaired: < 12 business hours

AWS Trusted Advisor - Core Checks
Access to the 7 core Trusted Advisor checks and guidance to provision your resources following best practices to increase performance and improve security.
AWS Personal Health Dashboard
A personalized view of the health of AWS services, and alerts when your resources are impacted.

Architecture Support - Developer
General guidance on how services can be used for various use cases, workloads, or applications.
Pricing: Starts at $29 per month.

03. Business Plan
The Business Support plan offers resources for customers running production workloads on AWS as well as any customers who:

- Run one or more applications in production environments
- Have multiple services activated, or use key services extensively
- Depend on their business solutions to be available, scalable, and secure

Plan Detail and Resources:
- Technical Support
24x7 access to
Cloud Support Engineers
via email, chat, and phone

- Customer Contacts
An unlimited number of contacts
may open an unlimited number
of cases (IAM supported)

- Case Severity and Response Times*
General guidance: < 24 hours
System impaired: < 12 hours
Production system impaired: < 4 hours
Production system down: < 1 hour

AWS Trusted Advisor - Full Checks
Access to the full set of Trusted Advisor checks and guidance to provision your resources following best practices to help reduce cost, increase performance and fault tolerance, and improve security.
AWS Personal Health Dashboard
A personalized view of the health of AWS services, and alerts when your resources are impacted. Includes the Health API for integration with your existing management systems.

Infrastructure Event Management
Architecture and scaling guidance, and real-time operational support during the preparation and execution of planned events, product launches, and migrations. Available with Business Support for an additional fee.
Architecture Support - Business
Contextual guidance on how services fit together to meet your specific use-case, workload, or application.
AWS Support API
Programmatic access to AWS Support Center features to create, manage, and close your support cases, and operationally manage your Trusted Advisor check requests and status.
Third Party Software Support
Guidance, configuration, and troubleshooting of AWS interoperability with many common operating systems, platforms, and application stack components.
Pricing: Starts at $100 per month.
